ok we are live first installment of you
to meet weekly inspiration for success
i'm mark isaacson and I'm your host you
can find me I knew it in the HTTPS
of this is that when the guys here
HTTPS colon boards as first-class
www.youtube.com / you / mark isaacson
I'm still relatively new to you to me
and I have certainly made my share of
mistakes and I currently have three
published courses so if you're
interested in purchasing those courses
at a discount for you you can get my
courses at the discount so you can just
say to apply the code and I'll get you
my three courses discounts before we get
started want to go over a few
administrative tasks so if you've
subscribed to the lab then you'll get an
email from lab with a link to the replay
and I'm also going to make all the
replays available on my website which is
Marquis isaacson dot com so if you want
to ask questions we are gonna have a
question and answer session at the end
of the interview you can post your
questions at any time but to make it
easier for us if you received your
question with a forward slash it makes
it easier to fill those questions later
on so how do I ask a question so once
you put it forward slash their in Texas
with this question and then we can be
heard at the end and we'll see all the
questions there so you can feel free to
ask questions as we going through the
interview but we will wait till the end
to answer all of those questions and
once we open the Q&A session then I will
open up a seat for people to sit in
and you can grab see you can ask
questions directly but I will be making
sure that we keep the lab to one hour or
less so that we can get this many
questions can and if you do decide to
take a seat that there may be other
people would like to be able to take a
seat and conducting the black would be
great if you could click that little
rather tell a little bird button that
lets people know about it that rely upon
the lab and we can attract other people
as far as links that we post into the
lab today even though the link text
itself looks like it's normally when you
actually click the link is appended this
question mark
lakes and so if you find that a link is
not working when you use it just goes
your address bar of your browser in
strip out that question mark
equals so with all of administrative
stuff right now I'm really excited to
have the chance to introduce my very
first guess he's got a great story to
share with you and Teresa Greenway is an
instructor of sourdough courses
available on youtube.com theresa has
been successful with courses that are
not usually thought to be highly
successful like for instance that tech
business and entrepreneur courses she
has an online business called Northwest
sourdough or volume book called is
covering sourdough she also recently
published her memoir titled reach for
joy in which she chronicles her escape
from an abusive marriage welcome to the
cast Teresa so tell us a little bit
about yourself
my name is my passion is to teach people
how to make sourdough I've been making
sourdough about eleven years now and i
turn my passion into
video I go I thirty-year abusive
marriage I found myself without the
means to support myself and I didn't
have a college degree I had no real work
part time making we're gonna be a part
time and I have two children
supports bill so I began to look for
ways where I could make it home and this
eventually led me to becoming an
instructor in April of this year
ok great so so you made your way to you
and your teaching the sourdough taking
courses so is that what you decided to
do right away on you to me his idea that
you're gonna be teaching teaching these
glasses are now actually I was I was
enrolled in a class online or by Cheryl
bar and it was women and men as well but
it's aimed at women learn to make money
so she encouraged me to you you what I
know and what I know so I started
looking up online how I might make money
other than my book which I have on
Amazon and I found some meat courses on
how to optimize YouTube channel
how do you make a video or how do you
work with audio there was so many
interesting part is how do you have a
business and optimize it on the internet
and my children is disabled I need to
know where you get home and having an
online businesses began taking these
parts of this was last winter and early
in the year began taking courses
I can do a course why of course and so
began taking courses on optimizing video
how to do a good job
ok so we're taking classes and
optimizing video audio and so in you
well so why why why why are you taking
those classes you said you didn't
actually come to YouTube teaching so
what was the reason that you were just
why are you taking these were from Alan
hill and I think most of us instructors
have taken courses are at least one of
them and he inspired me because I had to
YouTube channel on the maybe 25 30
videos where I had taking courses and I
videotape and I did a few of my own and
I was making maybe thirty cents it was
you know anything I thought would
support me and he'll inspired me that
perhaps that was a way I make money I
started in optimizing my youtube right
away I saw an increase and within a
short time I was made maybe $100 and it
was when I realized you know this might
take awhile I need to do something out
and that's when I started thinking maybe
I should make my own and and then I
realized later YouTube is really make a
lot of money but I think for me
or showing my work my students involved
in and or or redirecting them to my
books it's it's a great vehicle ok so
you mentioned this bloke in you
mentioned you been doings sourdough with
the sourdough business for quite a
number of years now so tell me a little
bit more about the sourdough business
did you hear that you got this
four-volume book as well as well about
eleven years ago my oldest daughter teen
or maybe she decided she wanted to try
to make rules and she tried for a month
there was almost nothing available
online and was it was it was a difficult
challenge though she couldn't do it
after a month she gave up and she said
nobody not even you I thought oh yeah I
took up the challenge and it took me
about what I could online and I i worked
out and worked at it and I had no idea
what I was doing I bought Nancy
Silverton book business so that was my
first break through and I continued
working at it and I finally pulled a
real sourdough loaf of my oven that was
all really excited I had to go and I was
so happy about that and so excited that
I started
web page and I Yahoo which is no longer
and I tried to show other people had a
baked sourdough because anything out
there I wanted to share what I learn so
that was the beginning of my business
ok